I told you.
I don't want to go to work in any amount group at all
I can support myself now
Hahaha, you can support yourself.
You don't even have a job as a security guard anymore
Still out there
If you were honest, you would have no love for us.
Maybe we look at the emotions of that year
Eat less
Well, what do I say?
Don't say anything else
I'll arrange a cleaning for you.
Toilet cleaning work
It's definitely no problem.
I still have the right
Later, I was immersed in the feelings of the year before I came to you
So what if it's too much?
I'll tell you what.
The most worthless thing in this society is emotion
You and I are not the same world anymore
A stalker like you
It's boring. That's right.
I'm really not from the same world
It's time
Later hahaha
Are you kidding?
Who do you think you are?
We've been telling you for so long
It's already a big face for you.
What qualifications do you have that we can't replace?
Wan Shao
Wan Shao, you are finally here
How did that happen?
Isn't this today's bride?
Why is he called Master Wan Jiaqi?
He's wearing a wedding dress, he must be the bride
Master Wan's surname is Wan Wanjia Qi and his surname is Wan
Could it be that he is